[Music]
all right let me get this straight
a man in a kabuki mask attacked you with
an army of miniature flying robots
microbots v-max tell them yes officer
microbots yeah he was controlling them
telepathically with a neurocranial
transmitter come on I am NOT fast
so mr. kabuki was using ESP to attack
you and balloon named
[Music]
I know it sounds crazy kid how about we
call your parents and get them down what
write your name a number down on this
piece of paper and with your help
[Music]
we've gotta catch that guy but first
you're gonna need some upgrades
[Music]
a lunatic in a mask just tried to kill
us how cool is that I mean it's scary
obviously but how cool what's wrong with
you oh you home sweetie
we jumped out a window
[Music]